Q) Why does my computer tell me "Task Manager has been disabled by your administrator" every time I try to open the task manager?
A) The lock out window is designed to be as secure as possible. Once locked out task manager will be disabled, common windows
   key combos will be disabled, and your ability to navigate out of the locked screen will be revoked. All combos and task
   manager should be reinstated upon a successful re-authentication. In the event that something does go wrong (since the current
   release of this software is considered a Beta release) and task manager is still disabled, open regedit and navigate to:
   HKEY_USERS\<SID>\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\System If you do not know your SID then simply go through
   each one that has more than three hyphens until you find the folder. Once there delete the DisableTaskMgr key. Your task
   manager should be up and running again. 

Q) Why can't I get passed the enrollment form?
A) There are several reasons why you may get stuck here. First we recommend that you make absolutely sure that all of your
   information is correct (mobile number, carrier, email address). If that did not resolve the problem you may have another
   program blocking Active Authentication from sending emails. This could be a firewall or an antivirus software. We recommend
   turning off these programs one by one and pressing the send code button. When you find the one that is blocking Active
   Authentication add the necessary exception for Active Authentication and then turn all of your security software back on. Once
   all security systems are back online try resending the code one more time just to be sure it works. Do not use Active
   Authentication unless you are sure you can receive authentication codes! Also, do not leave all of your other security programs
   off!  

Q) Why does the application still appear after it’s been uninstalled?
A) If you uninstalled the application by shutting down, restarting, or logging off during the lock screen designed to prevent
   malicious users from uninstalling the program you will not uninstall all of the functions of the application.  To get a complete
   uninstall you must reinstall Active Authentication using the installer and then uninstall it again, but this time complete the
   uninstallation process with a re-authentication code.
